.gitattributes
.gitignore
LICENSE
MANIFEST.in
README.md
pyproject.toml
setup.py
.github/dependabot.yml
.github/workflows/build.yml
.github/workflows/build_graph.yml
.github/workflows/build_mat.yml
.github/workflows/ci.yml
polyatomic_complexes/__init__.py
polyatomic_complexes.egg-info/PKG-INFO
polyatomic_complexes.egg-info/SOURCES.txt
polyatomic_complexes.egg-info/dependency_links.txt
polyatomic_complexes.egg-info/top_level.txt
polyatomic_complexes/dataset/construct/atom_lookup.pkl
polyatomic_complexes/dataset/construct/lookup_map.json
polyatomic_complexes/dataset/esol/ESOL.csv
polyatomic_complexes/dataset/esol/deep_complex_lookup_repn.pkl
polyatomic_complexes/dataset/esol/fast_complex_lookup_repn.pkl
polyatomic_complexes/dataset/esol/stacked_complex_lookup_repn.pkl
polyatomic_complexes/dataset/free_solv/FreeSolv.csv
polyatomic_complexes/dataset/free_solv/deep_complex_lookup_repn.pkl
polyatomic_complexes/dataset/free_solv/fast_complex_lookup_repn.pkl
polyatomic_complexes/dataset/free_solv/stacked_complex_lookup_repn.pkl
polyatomic_complexes/dataset/lipophilicity/Lipophilicity.csv
polyatomic_complexes/dataset/lipophilicity/deep_complex_lookup_repn.pkl
polyatomic_complexes/dataset/lipophilicity/fast_complex_lookup_repn.pkl
polyatomic_complexes/dataset/lipophilicity/stacked_complex_lookup_repn.pkl
polyatomic_complexes/dataset/materials_project/fast_complex_lookup_repn.pkl
polyatomic_complexes/dataset/materials_project/materials_data.csv
polyatomic_complexes/dataset/mp_matbench_jdft2d/deep_complex_lookup_repn.pkl
polyatomic_complexes/dataset/mp_matbench_jdft2d/fast_complex_lookup_repn.pkl
polyatomic_complexes/dataset/mp_matbench_jdft2d/jdft2d.csv
polyatomic_complexes/dataset/mp_matbench_jdft2d/matbench_jdft2d.json
polyatomic_complexes/dataset/mp_matbench_jdft2d/stacked_complex_lookup_repn.pkl
polyatomic_complexes/dataset/photoswitches/deep_complex_lookup_repn.pkl
polyatomic_complexes/dataset/photoswitches/fast_complex_lookup_repn.pkl
polyatomic_complexes/dataset/photoswitches/photoswitches.csv
polyatomic_complexes/dataset/photoswitches/stacked_complex_lookup_repn.pkl
polyatomic_complexes/experiments/__init__.py
polyatomic_complexes/experiments/esol_experiment.py
polyatomic_complexes/experiments/freesolv_experiment.py
polyatomic_complexes/experiments/gaussian_process.py
polyatomic_complexes/experiments/jdft2d_matbench_experiment.py
polyatomic_complexes/experiments/kernels.py
polyatomic_complexes/experiments/lipophilicity_experiment.py
polyatomic_complexes/experiments/load_process_data.py
polyatomic_complexes/experiments/materials_project_experiment.py
polyatomic_complexes/experiments/metrics.py
polyatomic_complexes/experiments/mp_matbench_experiment.py
polyatomic_complexes/experiments/photoswitches_experiment.py
polyatomic_complexes/results/ESOL/GRAPHS_Results/GRAPHS_1712114041.473561.txt
polyatomic_complexes/results/ESOL/SELFIES_Results/SELFIES_1712114302.500451.txt
polyatomic_complexes/results/ESOL/SELFIES_Results/confidence_mae_model_SELFIES_ESOL predicted log solubility in mols per litre.png
polyatomic_complexes/results/ESOL/SELFIES_Results/confidence_mae_model_SELFIES_Minimum Degree.png
polyatomic_complexes/results/ESOL/SELFIES_Results/confidence_mae_model_SELFIES_Molecular Weight.png
polyatomic_complexes/results/ESOL/SELFIES_Results/confidence_mae_model_SELFIES_Number of H-Bond Donors.png
polyatomic_complexes/results/ESOL/SELFIES_Results/confidence_mae_model_SELFIES_Number of Rings.png
polyatomic_complexes/results/ESOL/SELFIES_Results/confidence_mae_model_SELFIES_Number of Rotatable Bonds.png
polyatomic_complexes/results/ESOL/SELFIES_Results/confidence_mae_model_SELFIES_Polar Surface Area.png
polyatomic_complexes/results/ESOL/SELFIES_Results/confidence_mae_model_SELFIES_measured log solubility in mols per litre.png
polyatomic_complexes/results/ESOL/SMILES_Results/SMILES_1712114188.379835.txt
polyatomic_complexes/results/ESOL/SMILES_Results/confidence_mae_model_SMILES_ESOL predicted log solubility in mols per litre.png
polyatomic_complexes/results/ESOL/SMILES_Results/confidence_mae_model_SMILES_Minimum Degree.png
polyatomic_complexes/results/ESOL/SMILES_Results/confidence_mae_model_SMILES_Molecular Weight.png
polyatomic_complexes/results/ESOL/SMILES_Results/confidence_mae_model_SMILES_Number of H-Bond Donors.png
polyatomic_complexes/results/ESOL/SMILES_Results/confidence_mae_model_SMILES_Number of Rings.png
polyatomic_complexes/results/ESOL/SMILES_Results/confidence_mae_model_SMILES_Number of Rotatable Bonds.png
polyatomic_complexes/results/ESOL/SMILES_Results/confidence_mae_model_SMILES_Polar Surface Area.png
polyatomic_complexes/results/ESOL/SMILES_Results/confidence_mae_model_SMILES_measured log solubility in mols per litre.png
polyatomic_complexes/results/ESOL/deep_complexes_Results/confidence_mae_model_deep_complexes_ESOL predicted log solubility in mols per litre.png
polyatomic_complexes/results/ESOL/deep_complexes_Results/confidence_mae_model_deep_complexes_Minimum Degree.png
polyatomic_complexes/results/ESOL/deep_complexes_Results/confidence_mae_model_deep_complexes_Molecular Weight.png
polyatomic_complexes/results/ESOL/deep_complexes_Results/confidence_mae_model_deep_complexes_Number of H-Bond Donors.png
polyatomic_complexes/results/ESOL/deep_complexes_Results/confidence_mae_model_deep_complexes_Number of Rings.png
polyatomic_complexes/results/ESOL/deep_complexes_Results/confidence_mae_model_deep_complexes_Number of Rotatable Bonds.png
polyatomic_complexes/results/ESOL/deep_complexes_Results/confidence_mae_model_deep_complexes_Polar Surface Area.png
polyatomic_complexes/results/ESOL/deep_complexes_Results/confidence_mae_model_deep_complexes_measured log solubility in mols per litre.png
polyatomic_complexes/results/ESOL/deep_complexes_Results/deep_complexes_1712113774.30992.txt
polyatomic_complexes/results/ESOL/fast_complexes_Results/complexes_1712113666.6381629.txt
polyatomic_complexes/results/ESOL/fast_complexes_Results/confidence_mae_model_complexes_ESOL predicted log solubility in mols per litre.png
polyatomic_complexes/results/ESOL/fast_complexes_Results/confidence_mae_model_complexes_Minimum Degree.png
polyatomic_complexes/results/ESOL/fast_complexes_Results/confidence_mae_model_complexes_Molecular Weight.png
polyatomic_complexes/results/ESOL/fast_complexes_Results/confidence_mae_model_complexes_Number of H-Bond Donors.png
polyatomic_complexes/results/ESOL/fast_complexes_Results/confidence_mae_model_complexes_Number of Rings.png
polyatomic_complexes/results/ESOL/fast_complexes_Results/confidence_mae_model_complexes_Number of Rotatable Bonds.png
polyatomic_complexes/results/ESOL/fast_complexes_Results/confidence_mae_model_complexes_Polar Surface Area.png
polyatomic_complexes/results/ESOL/fast_complexes_Results/confidence_mae_model_complexes_measured log solubility in mols per litre.png
polyatomic_complexes/results/ESOL/fingerprints_Results/confidence_mae_model_fingerprints_ESOL predicted log solubility in mols per litre.png
polyatomic_complexes/results/ESOL/fingerprints_Results/confidence_mae_model_fingerprints_Minimum Degree.png
polyatomic_complexes/results/ESOL/fingerprints_Results/confidence_mae_model_fingerprints_Molecular Weight.png
polyatomic_complexes/results/ESOL/fingerprints_Results/confidence_mae_model_fingerprints_Number of H-Bond Donors.png
polyatomic_complexes/results/ESOL/fingerprints_Results/confidence_mae_model_fingerprints_Number of Rings.png
polyatomic_complexes/results/ESOL/fingerprints_Results/confidence_mae_model_fingerprints_Number of Rotatable Bonds.png
polyatomic_complexes/results/ESOL/fingerprints_Results/confidence_mae_model_fingerprints_Polar Surface Area.png
polyatomic_complexes/results/ESOL/fingerprints_Results/confidence_mae_model_fingerprints_measured log solubility in mols per litre.png
polyatomic_complexes/results/ESOL/fingerprints_Results/fingerprints_1712113876.809261.txt
polyatomic_complexes/results/FreeSolv/GRAPHS_Results/GRAPHS_1712114456.595356.txt
polyatomic_complexes/results/FreeSolv/SELFIES_Results/SELFIES_1712114505.694763.txt
polyatomic_complexes/results/FreeSolv/SELFIES_Results/confidence_mae_model_SELFIES_calc.png
polyatomic_complexes/results/FreeSolv/SELFIES_Results/confidence_mae_model_SELFIES_expt.png
polyatomic_complexes/results/FreeSolv/SMILES_Results/SMILES_1712114664.393806.txt
polyatomic_complexes/results/FreeSolv/SMILES_Results/confidence_mae_model_SMILES_calc.png
polyatomic_complexes/results/FreeSolv/SMILES_Results/confidence_mae_model_SMILES_expt.png
polyatomic_complexes/results/FreeSolv/deep_complexes_Results/confidence_mae_model_deep_complexes_calc.png
polyatomic_complexes/results/FreeSolv/deep_complexes_Results/confidence_mae_model_deep_complexes_expt.png
polyatomic_complexes/results/FreeSolv/deep_complexes_Results/deep_complexes_1712114378.2604108.txt
polyatomic_complexes/results/FreeSolv/fast_complexes_Results/complexes_1712114347.381381.txt
polyatomic_complexes/results/FreeSolv/fast_complexes_Results/confidence_mae_model_complexes_calc.png
polyatomic_complexes/results/FreeSolv/fast_complexes_Results/confidence_mae_model_complexes_expt.png
polyatomic_complexes/results/FreeSolv/fingerprints_Results/confidence_mae_model_fingerprints_calc.png
polyatomic_complexes/results/FreeSolv/fingerprints_Results/confidence_mae_model_fingerprints_expt.png
polyatomic_complexes/results/FreeSolv/fingerprints_Results/fingerprints_1712114414.515535.txt
polyatomic_complexes/results/JDFT2D/deep_complexes_Results/confidence_mae_model_deep_complexes_exfoliation_en.png
polyatomic_complexes/results/JDFT2D/deep_complexes_Results/deep_complexes_1712199443.001087.txt
polyatomic_complexes/results/JDFT2D/fast_complexes_Results/complexes_1712192456.529724.txt
polyatomic_complexes/results/JDFT2D/fast_complexes_Results/confidence_mae_model_complexes_exfoliation_en.png
polyatomic_complexes/results/Lipophilicity/GRAPHS_Results/GRAPHS_1712121543.9582238.txt
polyatomic_complexes/results/Lipophilicity/SELFIES_Results/SELFIES_1712115472.331003.txt
polyatomic_complexes/results/Lipophilicity/SELFIES_Results/confidence_mae_model_SELFIES_exp.png
polyatomic_complexes/results/Lipophilicity/SMILES_Results/SMILES_1712116110.7787561.txt
polyatomic_complexes/results/Lipophilicity/SMILES_Results/confidence_mae_model_SMILES_exp.png
polyatomic_complexes/results/Lipophilicity/deep_complexes_Results/confidence_mae_model_deep_complexes_exp.png
polyatomic_complexes/results/Lipophilicity/deep_complexes_Results/deep_complexes_1712115120.457653.txt
polyatomic_complexes/results/Lipophilicity/fast_complexes_Results/complexes_1712114802.721913.txt
polyatomic_complexes/results/Lipophilicity/fast_complexes_Results/confidence_mae_model_complexes_exp.png
polyatomic_complexes/results/Lipophilicity/fingerprints_Results/confidence_mae_model_fingerprints_exp.png
polyatomic_complexes/results/Lipophilicity/fingerprints_Results/fingerprints_1712115260.187729.txt
polyatomic_complexes/results/MP_MatBench/fast_complexes_Results/complexes_1712189750.2501.txt
polyatomic_complexes/results/MP_MatBench/fast_complexes_Results/confidence_mae_model_complexes_efermi.png
polyatomic_complexes/results/MP_MatBench/fast_complexes_Results/confidence_mae_model_complexes_g_voigt.png
polyatomic_complexes/results/MP_MatBench/fast_complexes_Results/confidence_mae_model_complexes_g_vrh.png
polyatomic_complexes/results/MP_MatBench/fast_complexes_Results/confidence_mae_model_complexes_k_reuss.png
polyatomic_complexes/results/MP_MatBench/fast_complexes_Results/confidence_mae_model_complexes_k_voigt.png
polyatomic_complexes/results/MP_MatBench/fast_complexes_Results/confidence_mae_model_complexes_k_vrh.png
polyatomic_complexes/results/Materials Project/fast_complexes_Results_n_7/complexes_1712176224.362768.txt
polyatomic_complexes/results/Materials Project/fast_complexes_Results_n_7/confidence_mae_model_complexes_energy_per_atom.png
polyatomic_complexes/results/Materials Project/fast_complexes_Results_n_7/confidence_mae_model_complexes_equilibrium_reaction_energy_per_atom.png
polyatomic_complexes/results/Materials Project/fast_complexes_Results_n_7/confidence_mae_model_complexes_formation_energy_per_atom.png
polyatomic_complexes/results/Materials Project/fast_complexes_Results_n_7/confidence_mae_model_complexes_total_magnetization.png
polyatomic_complexes/results/Materials Project/fast_complexes_Results_n_7/confidence_mae_model_complexes_total_magnetization_normalized_vol.png
polyatomic_complexes/results/Materials Project/fast_complexes_Results_n_7/confidence_mae_model_complexes_uncorrected_energy_per_atom.png
polyatomic_complexes/results/Photoswitches/GRAPHS_Results/GRAPHS_1712113437.722272.txt
polyatomic_complexes/results/Photoswitches/SELFIES_Results/SELFIES_1712113325.7764401.txt
polyatomic_complexes/results/Photoswitches/SELFIES_Results/confidence_mae_model_SELFIES_E PhotoStationaryState.png
polyatomic_complexes/results/Photoswitches/SELFIES_Results/confidence_mae_model_SELFIES_E isomer n-pi* wavelength in nm.png
polyatomic_complexes/results/Photoswitches/SELFIES_Results/confidence_mae_model_SELFIES_E isomer pi-pi* wavelength in nm.png
polyatomic_complexes/results/Photoswitches/SELFIES_Results/confidence_mae_model_SELFIES_Extinction coefficient in M-1 cm-1.1.png
polyatomic_complexes/results/Photoswitches/SELFIES_Results/confidence_mae_model_SELFIES_Extinction coefficient in M-1 cm-1.png
polyatomic_complexes/results/Photoswitches/SELFIES_Results/confidence_mae_model_SELFIES_Extinction.1.png
polyatomic_complexes/results/Photoswitches/SELFIES_Results/confidence_mae_model_SELFIES_Extinction.png
polyatomic_complexes/results/Photoswitches/SELFIES_Results/confidence_mae_model_SELFIES_PBE0 DFT E isomer n-pi* wavelength in nm.png
polyatomic_complexes/results/Photoswitches/SELFIES_Results/confidence_mae_model_SELFIES_PBE0 DFT E isomer pi-pi* wavelength in nm.png
polyatomic_complexes/results/Photoswitches/SELFIES_Results/confidence_mae_model_SELFIES_PBE0 DFT Z isomer n-pi* wavelength in nm.png
polyatomic_complexes/results/Photoswitches/SELFIES_Results/confidence_mae_model_SELFIES_PBE0 DFT Z isomer pi-pi* wavelength in nm.png
polyatomic_complexes/results/Photoswitches/SELFIES_Results/confidence_mae_model_SELFIES_Wiberg index.png
polyatomic_complexes/results/Photoswitches/SELFIES_Results/confidence_mae_model_SELFIES_Z PhotoStationaryState.png
polyatomic_complexes/results/Photoswitches/SELFIES_Results/confidence_mae_model_SELFIES_Z isomer n-pi* wavelength in nm.png
polyatomic_complexes/results/Photoswitches/SELFIES_Results/confidence_mae_model_SELFIES_Z isomer pi-pi* wavelength in nm.png
polyatomic_complexes/results/Photoswitches/SELFIES_Results/confidence_mae_model_SELFIES_rate of thermal isomerisation from Z-E in s-1.png
polyatomic_complexes/results/Photoswitches/SMILES_Results/SMILES_1712113529.9198878.txt
polyatomic_complexes/results/Photoswitches/SMILES_Results/confidence_mae_model_SMILES_E PhotoStationaryState.png
polyatomic_complexes/results/Photoswitches/SMILES_Results/confidence_mae_model_SMILES_E isomer n-pi* wavelength in nm.png
polyatomic_complexes/results/Photoswitches/SMILES_Results/confidence_mae_model_SMILES_E isomer pi-pi* wavelength in nm.png
polyatomic_complexes/results/Photoswitches/SMILES_Results/confidence_mae_model_SMILES_Extinction coefficient in M-1 cm-1.1.png
polyatomic_complexes/results/Photoswitches/SMILES_Results/confidence_mae_model_SMILES_Extinction coefficient in M-1 cm-1.png
polyatomic_complexes/results/Photoswitches/SMILES_Results/confidence_mae_model_SMILES_Extinction.1.png
polyatomic_complexes/results/Photoswitches/SMILES_Results/confidence_mae_model_SMILES_Extinction.png
polyatomic_complexes/results/Photoswitches/SMILES_Results/confidence_mae_model_SMILES_PBE0 DFT E isomer n-pi* wavelength in nm.png
polyatomic_complexes/results/Photoswitches/SMILES_Results/confidence_mae_model_SMILES_PBE0 DFT E isomer pi-pi* wavelength in nm.png
polyatomic_complexes/results/Photoswitches/SMILES_Results/confidence_mae_model_SMILES_PBE0 DFT Z isomer n-pi* wavelength in nm.png
polyatomic_complexes/results/Photoswitches/SMILES_Results/confidence_mae_model_SMILES_PBE0 DFT Z isomer pi-pi* wavelength in nm.png
polyatomic_complexes/results/Photoswitches/SMILES_Results/confidence_mae_model_SMILES_Wiberg index.png
polyatomic_complexes/results/Photoswitches/SMILES_Results/confidence_mae_model_SMILES_Z PhotoStationaryState.png
polyatomic_complexes/results/Photoswitches/SMILES_Results/confidence_mae_model_SMILES_Z isomer n-pi* wavelength in nm.png
polyatomic_complexes/results/Photoswitches/SMILES_Results/confidence_mae_model_SMILES_Z isomer pi-pi* wavelength in nm.png
polyatomic_complexes/results/Photoswitches/SMILES_Results/confidence_mae_model_SMILES_rate of thermal isomerisation from Z-E in s-1.png
polyatomic_complexes/results/Photoswitches/deep_complexes_Results/confidence_mae_model_deep_complexes_E PhotoStationaryState.png
polyatomic_complexes/results/Photoswitches/deep_complexes_Results/confidence_mae_model_deep_complexes_E isomer n-pi* wavelength in nm.png
polyatomic_complexes/results/Photoswitches/deep_complexes_Results/confidence_mae_model_deep_complexes_E isomer pi-pi* wavelength in nm.png
polyatomic_complexes/results/Photoswitches/deep_complexes_Results/confidence_mae_model_deep_complexes_Extinction coefficient in M-1 cm-1.1.png
polyatomic_complexes/results/Photoswitches/deep_complexes_Results/confidence_mae_model_deep_complexes_Extinction coefficient in M-1 cm-1.png
polyatomic_complexes/results/Photoswitches/deep_complexes_Results/confidence_mae_model_deep_complexes_Extinction.1.png
polyatomic_complexes/results/Photoswitches/deep_complexes_Results/confidence_mae_model_deep_complexes_Extinction.png
polyatomic_complexes/results/Photoswitches/deep_complexes_Results/confidence_mae_model_deep_complexes_PBE0 DFT E isomer n-pi* wavelength in nm.png
polyatomic_complexes/results/Photoswitches/deep_complexes_Results/confidence_mae_model_deep_complexes_PBE0 DFT E isomer pi-pi* wavelength in nm.png
polyatomic_complexes/results/Photoswitches/deep_complexes_Results/confidence_mae_model_deep_complexes_PBE0 DFT Z isomer n-pi* wavelength in nm.png
polyatomic_complexes/results/Photoswitches/deep_complexes_Results/confidence_mae_model_deep_complexes_PBE0 DFT Z isomer pi-pi* wavelength in nm.png
polyatomic_complexes/results/Photoswitches/deep_complexes_Results/confidence_mae_model_deep_complexes_Wiberg index.png
polyatomic_complexes/results/Photoswitches/deep_complexes_Results/confidence_mae_model_deep_complexes_Z PhotoStationaryState.png
polyatomic_complexes/results/Photoswitches/deep_complexes_Results/confidence_mae_model_deep_complexes_Z isomer n-pi* wavelength in nm.png
polyatomic_complexes/results/Photoswitches/deep_complexes_Results/confidence_mae_model_deep_complexes_Z isomer pi-pi* wavelength in nm.png
polyatomic_complexes/results/Photoswitches/deep_complexes_Results/confidence_mae_model_deep_complexes_rate of thermal isomerisation from Z-E in s-1.png
polyatomic_complexes/results/Photoswitches/deep_complexes_Results/deep_complexes_1712113087.2181718.txt
polyatomic_complexes/results/Photoswitches/fast_complexes_Results/complexes_1712112993.7986019.txt
polyatomic_complexes/results/Photoswitches/fast_complexes_Results/confidence_mae_model_complexes_E PhotoStationaryState.png
polyatomic_complexes/results/Photoswitches/fast_complexes_Results/confidence_mae_model_complexes_E isomer n-pi* wavelength in nm.png
polyatomic_complexes/results/Photoswitches/fast_complexes_Results/confidence_mae_model_complexes_E isomer pi-pi* wavelength in nm.png
polyatomic_complexes/results/Photoswitches/fast_complexes_Results/confidence_mae_model_complexes_Extinction coefficient in M-1 cm-1.1.png
polyatomic_complexes/results/Photoswitches/fast_complexes_Results/confidence_mae_model_complexes_Extinction coefficient in M-1 cm-1.png
polyatomic_complexes/results/Photoswitches/fast_complexes_Results/confidence_mae_model_complexes_Extinction.1.png
polyatomic_complexes/results/Photoswitches/fast_complexes_Results/confidence_mae_model_complexes_Extinction.png
polyatomic_complexes/results/Photoswitches/fast_complexes_Results/confidence_mae_model_complexes_PBE0 DFT E isomer n-pi* wavelength in nm.png
polyatomic_complexes/results/Photoswitches/fast_complexes_Results/confidence_mae_model_complexes_PBE0 DFT E isomer pi-pi* wavelength in nm.png
polyatomic_complexes/results/Photoswitches/fast_complexes_Results/confidence_mae_model_complexes_PBE0 DFT Z isomer n-pi* wavelength in nm.png
polyatomic_complexes/results/Photoswitches/fast_complexes_Results/confidence_mae_model_complexes_PBE0 DFT Z isomer pi-pi* wavelength in nm.png
polyatomic_complexes/results/Photoswitches/fast_complexes_Results/confidence_mae_model_complexes_Wiberg index.png
polyatomic_complexes/results/Photoswitches/fast_complexes_Results/confidence_mae_model_complexes_Z PhotoStationaryState.png
polyatomic_complexes/results/Photoswitches/fast_complexes_Results/confidence_mae_model_complexes_Z isomer n-pi* wavelength in nm.png
polyatomic_complexes/results/Photoswitches/fast_complexes_Results/confidence_mae_model_complexes_Z isomer pi-pi* wavelength in nm.png
polyatomic_complexes/results/Photoswitches/fast_complexes_Results/confidence_mae_model_complexes_rate of thermal isomerisation from Z-E in s-1.png
polyatomic_complexes/results/Photoswitches/fingerprints_Results/confidence_mae_model_fingerprints_E PhotoStationaryState.png
polyatomic_complexes/results/Photoswitches/fingerprints_Results/confidence_mae_model_fingerprints_E isomer n-pi* wavelength in nm.png
polyatomic_complexes/results/Photoswitches/fingerprints_Results/confidence_mae_model_fingerprints_E isomer pi-pi* wavelength in nm.png
polyatomic_complexes/results/Photoswitches/fingerprints_Results/confidence_mae_model_fingerprints_Extinction coefficient in M-1 cm-1.1.png
polyatomic_complexes/results/Photoswitches/fingerprints_Results/confidence_mae_model_fingerprints_Extinction coefficient in M-1 cm-1.png
polyatomic_complexes/results/Photoswitches/fingerprints_Results/confidence_mae_model_fingerprints_Extinction.1.png
polyatomic_complexes/results/Photoswitches/fingerprints_Results/confidence_mae_model_fingerprints_Extinction.png
polyatomic_complexes/results/Photoswitches/fingerprints_Results/confidence_mae_model_fingerprints_PBE0 DFT E isomer n-pi* wavelength in nm.png
polyatomic_complexes/results/Photoswitches/fingerprints_Results/confidence_mae_model_fingerprints_PBE0 DFT E isomer pi-pi* wavelength in nm.png
polyatomic_complexes/results/Photoswitches/fingerprints_Results/confidence_mae_model_fingerprints_PBE0 DFT Z isomer n-pi* wavelength in nm.png
polyatomic_complexes/results/Photoswitches/fingerprints_Results/confidence_mae_model_fingerprints_PBE0 DFT Z isomer pi-pi* wavelength in nm.png
polyatomic_complexes/results/Photoswitches/fingerprints_Results/confidence_mae_model_fingerprints_Wiberg index.png
polyatomic_complexes/results/Photoswitches/fingerprints_Results/confidence_mae_model_fingerprints_Z PhotoStationaryState.png
polyatomic_complexes/results/Photoswitches/fingerprints_Results/confidence_mae_model_fingerprints_Z isomer n-pi* wavelength in nm.png
polyatomic_complexes/results/Photoswitches/fingerprints_Results/confidence_mae_model_fingerprints_Z isomer pi-pi* wavelength in nm.png
polyatomic_complexes/results/Photoswitches/fingerprints_Results/confidence_mae_model_fingerprints_rate of thermal isomerisation from Z-E in s-1.png
polyatomic_complexes/results/Photoswitches/fingerprints_Results/fingerprints_1712113175.336881.txt
polyatomic_complexes/src/__init__.py
polyatomic_complexes/src/complexes/__init__.py
polyatomic_complexes/src/complexes/atomic_complex.py
polyatomic_complexes/src/complexes/build_atom_lookup.py
polyatomic_complexes/src/complexes/building_blocks.py
polyatomic_complexes/src/complexes/core_utils.py
polyatomic_complexes/src/complexes/general_utils.py
polyatomic_complexes/src/complexes/polyatomic_complex.py
polyatomic_complexes/src/complexes/process_esol.py
polyatomic_complexes/src/complexes/process_freesolv.py
polyatomic_complexes/src/complexes/process_lipophilicity.py
polyatomic_complexes/src/complexes/process_materials_project.py
polyatomic_complexes/src/complexes/process_mp_jdft2d.py
polyatomic_complexes/src/complexes/process_photoswitches.py
polyatomic_complexes/src/complexes.egg-info/PKG-INFO
polyatomic_complexes/src/complexes.egg-info/SOURCES.txt
polyatomic_complexes/src/complexes.egg-info/dependency_links.txt
polyatomic_complexes/src/complexes.egg-info/top_level.txt
polyatomic_complexes/tests/__init__.py
polyatomic_complexes/tests/test_atoms.py
polyatomic_complexes/tests/test_polyatoms.py
requirements/requirements.txt
requirements/requirements_graph.txt
requirements/requirements_mat.txt
sanity_testing_build/test.py